reflection.md, before:

#My Lab3 Reflection

1. Confidence Check

    I feel good so far with HTML code! I like the structure of the class, where we walk through the fundamental steps together and can ask as many questions as we have, while giving us the chance to use what we learned outside of class, and turn it in for feedback. It's supremely helpful to have the instructions laid out in D2L of what our code should look like, as it's a nice little checkpoint, but what's even better is understanding it. 

2. Learning Curve
    It was interesting to me to have to use what feels like four different programs in order to save a piece of work, but that makes sense. I think sometimes the rest of the class has a tendency to jump ahead becuause they think they know what's going on, and then when they're wrong it slows the rest of us down but there isn't really anything you can do about that. 

3. Problem Solving Growth
    I only encountered a couple of problems this week, and it was easiest to simply ask for help in the classroom. 

4. Professional Mindset
    I think this

Commit message:

Add week 2 reflection and self assessment

reflection.md, after:

#My Lab3 Reflection

1. Confidence Check

    I feel good so far with HTML code! I like the structure of the class, where we walk through the fundamental steps together and can ask as many questions as we have, while giving us the chance to use what we learned outside of class, and turn it in for feedback. It's supremely helpful to have the instructions laid out in D2L of what our code should look like, as it's a nice little checkpoint, but what's even better is understanding it. 

2. Learning Curve
    It was interesting to me to have to use what feels like four different programs in order to save a piece of work, but that makes sense. I think sometimes the rest of the class has a tendency to jump ahead becuause they think they know what's going on, and then when they're wrong it slows the rest of us down but there isn't really anything you can do about that. 

3. Problem Solving Growth
    I only encountered a couple of problems this week, and it was easiest to simply ask for help in the classroom. 

4. Professional Mindset
    I think this shift is a great way to think about many other skills that we're developing in college. I'm a little worried about remembering what all the shorthand stands for as I start to learn multiple languages at the same time, but that seems like something I can figure out. 

5. Week 2 Reflection
    So far, I'll admit, most of the concepts click pretty easily, so there isn't a particular moment that clicks more than others for me. 

6. Looking Forward
    I'm most excited to be able to point at the final product and go, "I made that. Don't ask me how, but I made that."

7. Support
    I think the support of my classmates is a little bit less helpful, just because I think coding is a little bit more of an individual thing, but once we get into the design I think it will be a little bit easier to get feedback on the appearances of the site.
